#summary Similar/related projects and websites
#labels Featured

== ping servers ==
Crawler implementation would use a [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ping_%28blogging%29 ping server] like those in blogging.  Inspiration is drawn from [http://search.slashdot.org/story/10/03/04/1518249/Google-Indexing-In-Near-Realtime?art_pos=153 this "push" concept recently discussed by Google].

I envision the feeds to serve a role similar to Google's [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sitemaps Sitemaps format]. Maybe they could be called "Jobmaps: crawler friendly job listings".

== XML standards ==

[http://xmlresume.sourceforge.net/ The XML Résumé Library]
  "... an XML and XSL based system for marking up, adding metadata to, and formatting résumés and curricula vitae."

[http://www.hr-xml.org The HR-XML Consortium]
  "... the only independent, non-profit, volunteer-led organization dedicated to the development and promotion of a standard suite of XML specifications to enable e-business and the automation of human resources-related data exchanges."

== feed solicitation ==

This is not the first effort to solicit XML job feeds from companies.
Here are just a couple I found in a Google search, along with some aspects to compare/contrast *jobfeed* with.

[http://www.simplyhired.com/a/add-jobs/feed#feed_spec SimplyHired]

  * lacks Google Maps integration
  * has way more jobs listed (as of now)
  * does not facilitate fine-grained search based on individual skills.

[http://www.inovahire.com/xml-job-feed InovaHire]

  * site is ad-sponsored.
  * lacks Google Maps integration
  * not as focused in scope (they also offer "live interview" services)
  * does not facilitate fine-grained search based on individual skills.

== skill search ==

Wikipedia's [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_box userboxes] identify discrete, quantifiable skills.
    * [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Userboxes/Education#Specialized_degrees Educational degrees]
    * [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Userboxes/Programming Programming skills]
Excerpt:
 Placing one of these `[`programming language userboxes`]` on your userpage automatically lists you in Wikipedia's category system under the corresponding category so that other users may find you based on your skills.

[http://www.rentacoder.com/ RentACoder]

  * Allows detailed specification of requirements to solicit bids for a single project, including programming languages
  * not intended for long-term employment
  * commercial in nature